FC-0068 docs: concept cleaning by edunext #11 (#716)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/educators/concepts/advanced_features/lti_reuse_content.rst

.. _Reusing Course Content:

Reusing Course Content with LTI
###############################

.. tags:: educator, concept

.. note:: This feature was a closed pilot experiment. This feature is not

>  supported for new users.

Reviewer: Please remove this note, it was applicable to edx.org but not to the community.

> When you use LTI to reuse Open edX course content, learners who are already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use LTI to reuse your course content, learners who are already
```

familiar with an external learning management system or other consumer

> application (external LMS) see content from Open edX that is seamlessly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application (external LMS) see content from your Open edX instance that is seamlessly
```

Open edX should always be used as an adjective.

> integrated into a familiar context. Only the content that you specify from Open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrated into a familiar context. Only the content that you specify from your Open
```

> edX appears in the external LMS, typically within an iframe on a page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edX instance appears in the external LMS, typically within an iframe on a page.
```

For example, you can set up a course on an external LMS, such as Canvas, to

> include a link to a problem component that is part of an Open edX course. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include a link to a problem component that is part of a course on your instance. The
```

For information about the content that you can include in an external LMS, see
:ref:`Preparing Content`.

Course Roster Management
************************

Course teams manage the course roster entirely on the external LMS, as you
would for other courses that run on that platform. Learners do not use the Open
edX LMS to enroll, and the course team does not complete any enrollment
activities in Studio or the Open edX LMS.

To obtain enrollment data for the course, you use the features available in
the external LMS.

Learner Identification and Single Sign On
*****************************************

>   .. note:: Different configuration options are available for how an external

Reviewer: Remove this note entirely

   LMS and Open edX Edge authenticate users. Your DevOps team is likely to have
   additional information about the specific authentication process used by
   your institution.

Learners do not need to navigate to a different website, or sign in to any

> other system (including Open edX), to access content that originates in an Open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other system (including your Open edX instance), to access content that originates in a
```

> edX course. However, the first time a learner views Open edX course content in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
course on your instance. However, the first time a learner views Open edX course content in
```

the external LMS, she might have to re-enter her credentials for the external
LMS, even though she is already signed in to the external LMS.

Internally, the Open edX instance associates a unique internal identifier to
each learner's credentials to allow for a streamlined, single sign in

> experience in the future. However, this separate Open edX identifier can make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experience in the future. However, this separate identifier can make
```

> some Open edX content confusing for learners when viewed in the context of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some content confusing for learners when viewed in the context of an
```

external LMS. For example, Open edX course discussions can identify

> participants by their Open edX IDs instead of the usernames they would normally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
participants by these unique IDs instead of the usernames they would normally
```
